Do you ever lay awake at night thinking
about your family's financial security?
Do you worry about what would happen if
you died or got sick?
Are you saving enough for retirement?
Does the whole concept of life insurance
confuse you?
Do you wish there was a way to make it
all easier?
Don't worry, you're not alone. Millions of
people have those same questions,
which is why we created a simple answer.
Introducing
Value+ Index Universal Life.
Value+ IUL is a next-generation product created to
answer many of the questions people have about life insurance.
It provides death benefit protection
with meaningful guarantees for your family
at a lower cost than most permanent life
insurance policies,
offers the potential to accumulate cash
to supplement your savings through
market link returns with downside
protection, includes one of a kind
options to access your cash often without reducing your death benefit
and it even includes a rider the provides
a cash benefit should you suffer a
qualifying chronic illness.
We call it life insurance with optionality.
\We could have just as easily called it
life insurance
the can help you sleep at night. Life
insurance with optionality.
Optionality, now there's a new word but
it means just what it sounds like:
life insurance built around your needs
and your choices.
Life insurance your way, life insurance
that serves your needs,
now as well as in the future.
Value+ IUL, permanent life insurance
that can help create long-term security.
Many people who own term life insurance see it as
throwing money down the drain. They pay
premiums until the level term is over
then drop it, never getting the death
benefit. Or they keep it and see the
premiums jump dramatically.
Value+ IUL is permanent indexed universal life insurance.
Premiums paid accumulate values that are accessible to supplement your retirement or
any other purpose. Additionally the death
benefit may be used to provide funds in
the event of a qualifying chronic illness.
Your money doesn't go down the
drain, it's there for you and your beneficiaries
and can help to provide financial
security for the rest of your life.
Value+ IUL, market-linked
returns that can enhance your financial
future. While
index universal life insurance is not an
investment, it does enable you to
participate in the up side of the market,
while providing downside protection. Think of it as an asset that helps you
accumulate additional
tax-deferred savings for your future, for retirement,
for that home on the lake, for any purpose you desire.
Value+ IUL, optionality means
access to cash plus living benefits. With
many life insurance policies,
its difficult or costly to access your cash,
especially without reducing your death benefit. But a lifetime is a long time,
and you never know what challenges or
opportunities might arise.
That's why Value+ IUL
wraps your affordable life insurance
protection with unique options for
accessing your cash value. There's even
a way to access your death benefit
if you should suffer a qualifying
chronic illness. In other words,
it's life insurance you can use while
you're living.
Life insurance that can help you sleep
easier tonight.
Isn't it comforting to know there's a next
generation product that can answer most
of your questions about life insurance,
one that provides protection with
guarantees
for you and your family, one that offers
potential for cash accumulation to help
supplement your retirement, one that
delivers greater flexibility
and game-changing liquidity options, all
at a lower price
than most life insurance policies. If
you're looking for a way
to bring certainty and opportunity to
your financial future,
take a moment soon to visit with your
financial professional
about Value+ IUL from American General Life,
and hopefully sleep better, night after night.